Please stop.
This is the Tianzi number. Reimbursement will smash people first, but you can't wait.
I don't know?
I am a friend of President Wan
I need to see him.
President Wan is meeting the distinguished guest
You can't enter
The identity of this distinguished guest is definitely not ordinary
Otherwise, President Wan would not have used it
The Son of Heaven is good to reimburse and receive, I know.
Get out of the way
Boss, I let you walk around
Since you are a friend of President Wan
Then you contact President Wan
President Wan agrees
Of course not
You, a little waiter, came to our house for a big event
Do you know who is standing in front of you?
Sorry, there is no consent from President Wan and the distinguished guest.
I can not
Standing in front of you
That's Xiao Linqing, the eldest young master of the Xiao family in the imperial capital
How dare you stop him?
Do you want to die?
This is the ninth floor of Amami
Behind me is Tianmen.
If you dare to move, I will try
Although Tianmen is not something my Xiao family can provoke
But you can't just lose face
Imperial Capital Xiao Family Xiao Linqing asked to see President Wan
Please come out and see President Wan
Let them in.
As expected of Mr. Xiao
Just shout and President Wan will see us
How was it? Didn't you stop me just now?
Now I know that President Wan and our family are big
Less relationship, open the door
How are you